a) Enumerating objects: 7, done.
Counting objects: 100% (7/7), done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (4/4), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 389 bytes | 389.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 2), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (2/2), completed with 2 local objects.
To https://github.com/loufurman/Assignment1.git
   0a5a3ae..5500e2e  master -> master
   
b) 7 commits, using: git log

c) Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019 -0500, using: git log ".gitignore"

d) Branches can allow you to work on a file while others work on other
files. If you did not branch, you would have to fetch before every push
if someone edited an unrelated file. Also, it keeps changes and
inheritance organized, so it is easy to follow what changes follow from
what branches/files.

e) git log shows past commits, while git status shows the current state
of the local repository.

f) git log "Weapon.h"

g) git log --grep="file"

h-I) A class gaining some properties from another class
II) When a single function may execute differently based on the object
that it is called by
III) When data is connected solely to the functions that affect it
(usually for the sake of security)

i) In integration, each developer has a repository, and all of these
are dealt with by an integration manager. In dictatorship, a single
"lieutenant repository" may be based on multiple developers' work,
rather than just one developer's.

j) With how often pushes would go out from 100 people, it would be tedious
to pull changes every time a developer wants to push their own changes,
and they would have to solve conflicts themselves rather than on
intermediary repositories.

---

5) The RoleGame uses both of these concepts. For encapsulation, the weapon
name and its hitpoints value in weapon.h are considered protected, and cannot
be accessed outside of those functions based on the weapon class. Regarding
polymorphism, each weapon type has a function called hit(). They all use the
same parameters and return the same type, but the specific function that runs
is different for each weapon object.